In this video we'll talk about logic errors and why they can happen.
Logic errors or errors or bugs in your code that cause your program to run incorrectly.
Logic errors are mistakes made by a programmer.
Sometimes the mistakes are careless other times mistakes are because the programmers have incomplete
or incorrect information other times mistakes occur when one programmer modifies another programmer's
code to fix or add something and they introduce an error as they do this.
There are many many causes for logic errors.
It doesn't matter what the cause is though.
They need to be corrected.
We need to test our code and debug it to find and correct errors.
Suppose we have a program that determines if a person can vote in an election.
And you must be 18 years old or older to vote.
We haven't talked about statements yet in this class but they're very intuitive and I'm sure you'll
follow this little piece of code.
First we test to see if the age is greater than 18.
If it is then we execute the code that's inside those curly braces.
Do you see the air.
It's pretty easy to see it here because the code is isolated.
And I told you there was an error.
However in reality this much more code typically involved in this may just be a small part of a much
larger program.
The problem in this code is that the test conditions should be greater than or equal to 18 or greater
than 17.
Either one will work as it's written now.
18 year olds would not be able to vote.
What talk about testing throughout the course in the context of learning C++ and best practices.
Well that wraps up this section.
Next you can take the section quiz and attempt the challenge exercise to see how you do.
I'm sure you'll do great if you have any questions please post them to the Course forum.